no one to check in with our Palestine
deep Salamone we checked with him for a
second back there I want to see he
brought some ferocious and some not
ferocious of beasts Oh Dave what is that
this is a bench run those two binturongs
a baby down here I didn't see the one in
the bottom their book sneaky like to
nibble and that's like I have a monkey
and kind of
well through
another slice another slice of the knife
gasps its Will Ferrel everyone
seeing what's going on it's pretty clear
what's going on okay you're screwing up
my QVC knife show yeah right I'm not
screwing your show we've gone through
this already I do a show here every
Monday night it's a thing that we do all
yeah and and clearly so do I okay uh-huh
my show features state-of-the-art steel
at rock-bottom prices
no we don't have any steel at all but we
do have this is we rent this place where
have you been for the last 30 Monday's
if you're doing this I'll tell you where
I've been the last 30 Monday's the knife
guys have been doing a Costco Roadshow
and yes it went gangbusters which is a
good thing
okay good if you don't mind I have some
blades I'd like to move all right I
actually can I first how many times have
you wanted to carve up a quality piece
of meat but you're dull rusty knife
simply isn't cutting it I'm sorry I just
where's my beef assistant right guy what
are you come on out here
I just wanted to say I'm sorry you're a
little bit early Ryan this is not the
time English sorry
why are you ruining our show Jimmy a lot
of passion myself not ruining your show
your I says he didn't know we do our
show again again again he didn't know I
didn't I had no idea you were planning
to do this
Wow you got a lot of nerve Kim oh yeah
these knives can kill people and I'm
just the man to do it let's not kill him
with knives let's sell him some knives
partner
the time who's anyone knows that the
best steaks in the world are of course
Trump sings but you can't cut something
classy with something trashy for a top
steak
you need a Trump nice yeah Wow Wow will
that Trump knife is huge it is a good
slice that's a great knife and I know
because I know all the great knives yes
it is Ryan and sharp like the man
himself hey could I ask just a quick
question does Donald Trump know that
you're doing this do I tell you how to
do your job
Kim no okay
and no mr. Trump he doesn't know about
this because he's super busy making
America great
I'm sorry
okay Donald's got a lot on his plate but
you won't when you use your official
Trump nuts
watch as they effortlessly glide right
through t-bones top sirloin fill it
magnin that actually a gold state's a
gold state it's a lot of gristle maybe
the knight needs to be sharpened this
probably is the problem are you a nice
guy no no
with a nice guy wear the night guys
the drumset it's good luck today right
he's joking well well he's joke what
he's choking on yeah god choking
thankfully choking is a breeze for Trump
knives
okay Ryan I'm gonna cut a small but very
deep hole in your trachea don't worry
right I saw this on dr. Quinn Medicine
Woman all right dude stop butting in and
help me cut my friends throat okay just
let me let me just try one thing first
do you mind
get out I'm sorry I got caught up in
your body thanks for ruining our whole
thing jerk I saved your life come on
Ryan let me get you some of that free
booze backstage all right
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares